How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write a code that is maintanable, readable and adaptable, I focus on keeping the code to the simplest form. I could reuse the code I wrote in this form with any other database. The code creates, reads, and updates any code based on the data base. Minor changes at the end code would determine what databawse it would use. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I focused on completing the the requirements that the client had. I also imagine what else I could do to go above and beyond their expectations. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists design software that can work with different databases. They provide solutions for problems that companies have. In grazioso Salvare, they need help to complete their work with all the data they recieve. Making a database to hold the data and have it easily readible and updatable helps them do their jobs. # CS340
